Link: 
https://treehousetechgroup.com/7-trends-in-data-visualization-that-matter/

Reflection: 
For my first reflection I decided to find an article that would give me a good introduction into the data visualization
world because I do not know much about it. I thought this article was particularly interesting because it gave me 
insight into how data visualization has already been developing as well as an idea for the future of visualization. I 
thought the most interesting point that they made was point 7 when they discussed how important it has become for data 
visualizations to be mobile friendly. I agree with the author that it has become necessary for visualizations to be 
compatible with mobile devices, but am curious as to how this has changed data visualizations. Since there is so much 
less room to work with on a mobile device, I was curious as to what types of visualizations have become increasingly 
popular and contrastingly outdated because of this. Though the article explains how mobile devices have forced designers
to make their visualizations more clear, simple, and compact as though it is a benefit, I wonder what drawbacks there 
are. For some data sets I would imagine that it is not possible to convey what is necessary in so little space. Also, as
I have been exploring online looking at some of the best visualizations, most of them do not seem small enough to be 
compatible with mobile devices. I can also imagine having to drag around the screen to see the full visualization would
make the point of the visualization less clear and less impactful. I am curious to explore more visualizations to find 
out how designers have been dealing with this. These points also make me wonder if the article is accurate in saying
that mobile friendly visualizations are becoming a necessity because I do not see this point exemplified throughout my
research so far. 

I am doing a second reflection on an actual visualization because I was not sure if it was supposed to be on an article
or on a visualization itself (the directions said an article, but in class it seemed like it had to be a visualization).

Link:
https://archive.nytimes.com/www.nytimes.com/interactive/2009/07/31/business/20080801-metrics-graphic.html

Reflection: 
I thought this was a good data visualization. I really liked the interactive components of the chart. I think it makes 
the data a lot clearer with the popups for each of the categories when they are hovered over. The black lines that also
appear around the category on the chart are also a nice addition and make looking at the data extra clear. Additionally,
the black bar that comes up and is slightly opaque to show which portion of the category corresponds with that time of 
day is very helpful. I also really like how you can isolate each of the categories by clicking on it. Being able to 
change the data set based on which demographics you are more or less interested in learning about was also a really nice 
addition to the visualization. I also thought the selection of colors was nice because it helped emphasize the 
differences between the categories. Though, I did wish that every category did have a noticeably different color. Some 
categories had very similar colors that looked basically the same even though the categories were not at all related 
(for example education and personal care). Other than the color issue, I think this is a good visualization. 


